Allison's Take on AIC (#109)
OpenIntroStat/ims: 10-model-logistic.Rmd

```

Just like multiple regression, we could trim some variables from the model.
Here we'll use a statistic called **Akaike information criterion (AIC)**\index{AIC}, which is analogous to how we used adjusted $R^2$ in multiple regression.
AIC is a popular model selection method used in many disciplines, and is praised for its emphasis on model uncertainty and parsimony.
AIC selects a "best" model by ranking models from best to worst according to their AIC values.
In the calculation of a model's AIC, a penalty is given for including additional variables.
This penalty for added model complexity attempts to strike a balance between underfitting (too few variables in the model) and overfitting (too many variables in the model).

> Opposite of the use of adjusted $R^2$, when using AIC for model selection, models with a lower AIC value are considered to be "better." It is important to note that AIC provide information about the quality of a model relative to other models, but does not provide information about the overall quality of a model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using AIC for model selection, models with a lower AIC value are considered to be "better." Remember that when using adjusted $R^2$ we select models with higher values instead. It is important to note that AIC provides information about the quality of a model relative to other models, but does not provide information about the overall quality of a model.
```
